[Doc]Add details about pipeline.workers (#11474)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings-file.asciidoc

| `pipeline.workers`
| The number of workers that will, in parallel, execute the filter and output stages of the pipeline.

>   This setting uses the https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/lang/Runtime.html#availableProcessors()[`java.lang.Runtime.getRuntime.availableProcessors`] value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This setting uses the https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/lang/Runtime.html#availableProcessors()[`java.lang.Runtime.getRuntime.availableProcessors`] value.
```
